Why might you want to always pull changes
manually rather than having Git automatically
stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

One reason is that someone else could have
made the changes and it isn't certain that
you want those changes locally.

Describe the differences between forks,
clones, and branches. When would you use one
instead of another?

Make a clone to make a copy of a repository.
Make a fork if you want to make the clone
directly from github and if you want
some information saved about from where/who
you got the fork. Also that makes it easier
to make suggestions to the original author.
Branches are just different paths of commits
in a repository - to separate new features or
for some other reason.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the
last known state of the remote stored locally?

Then you know you're not missing out on
anything.

How would you collaborate without using Git
or GitHub? What would be easier, and what
would be harder?

Keeping track of who makes changes, when and
to what files would be a lot harder without
git and github. Conflicts could arise when
several people works on the same file/files.
Git and github however has a learning curve
that can be cumbersome for those who don't
yet knows how it works.

When would you want to make changes in a
separate branch rather than directly in
master? What benefits does each approach
have?

Benefit for making changes in the master is
that the workflow is easier. Benefit for
using branches is to separate changes made
from the master and get people approve of
the changes before merging them to master.